heat one pan containing 1.5 liter water
when the water is boiling get one pack
of whispering widely lawn noodles and
add the whole pack into the pan
cut the skin off the ginger
and cut into slices then into smaller
pieces you can cut them into different
sizes or shapes if you prefer cut the
carrots into two we will only be using
half and then continue to cut into
smaller semicircular pieces cut the
onion into two again who will also only
be using half peel off the skin cut off
both ends slice them into slices
you can also use a red onion if you
prefer cut the root of the lead
and into to cut diagonally
for the topping traditionally the
Japanese would cut up some water greens
or mizuna spring onions would also be a
good alternative heat a pan with a
strong flame get a bottle of clear spoon
toasted sesame oil and add roughly 2
tablespoons into the pan first add the
ginger then the onion and stir well and
the carrots and finally the leek stir
for one minute to avoid burning add 1
liter of water
get a pack of clues from shiitake
mushrooms add two pieces to the pan get
a pack of clear spring
Tom blue seaweed cut two small pieces
into the pan cover with a lid and leave
the cook until the vegetables are tender
drain the why do don noodles in a sieve
when cooked these traditionally slow
drive Japanese noodles are made from
semi whole-wheat flour which are low in
fat and a source of protein when the
vegetables are tender get a jar of clear
spring barley miso paste now 2
tablespoons worth of miso paste to the
pan
mix well to dissolve the miso into the
liquid
at the winery Don noodles
stir and cook for 1 to 2 minutes until
the noodles are hot this is a great way
to enjoy the authentic Japanese udon
noodles via hot bean so soup put
some green leafy vegetables this is a
great nutritious dish for any meal of
the day we made this using please bring
organic why do da noodles kombu seaweed
shiitake mushrooms toasted sesame oil
barley miso paste for the vegetables we
use ginger onion carrots Greek and
mizuna for the green leafy topping you
can also make this dish using any of our
noodles in the range brown rice eat all
noodles will be equally delicious for
this dish why not try our other recipes
in the range
you